Xiaorou is asleep
It's all your fault for hitting him before
He won't let you hug him now.
Husband
Are you really getting better?
I told you before.
I won't let you and Xiaorou suffer any more grievances in the future.
How did you get the hang of it?
You know how much I've carried my own little meat all these years
Thank you
Outside.
People look down on me because you're a gambler
despise smiles
Are you not a blow to us at home if you drink too much?
But anyway
You are my man
So
I still hope that one day you can wake up.
Sorry.
I will definitely treat you well in the future
Ok it's late
Go to sleep.
What's wrong with pulling a donkey face?
You know the last time you filmed us secretly
Who is still hyping in the newspapers?
Who else but Fangyuan?
You already know
It's useless to guess
No evidence to sleep a bastard
He did this in the newspaper
And it just got worse.
You can wear anything.
Our reputations are about to stink
And a gift box.
The sales of gift boxes have also dropped a lot.
I have thought of a solution.
You do public relations, he is nothing
What method?
Ah, here comes my way.